80 Refresh Model section of documentation (#79)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-net-sdk: model/poconode-navigation.md

When you navigate down from the node created by `ToPocoNode()`, the `PocoNode` instances record the path back to that root node. Each `PocoNode` therefore exposes:

* The node `Name`
* The `Index` if the node is an element in a list

Use the extension method `GetLocation()` to obtain the full path from the root to the current node as a string.

```{note}
The parent pointers and location are established when you call `ToPocoNode()`. Holding references to parent resources can retain large object graphs in memory (for example, large Bundles), so exercise caution in memory-constrained or performance-critical environments.
```

## Nodes which are lists

In the POCO tree, a node can be either a single node (represented by `PocoNode`) or a list of nodes (represented by `PocoNodeList`). Both derive from the abstract class `PocoNodeOrList` and implement `IEnumerable<PocoNode>`. This allows you to traverse the tree using LINQ — for example `SelectMany(Children)` — similar to how `ITypedElement` is often consumed.

> Because any child can be a single POCO or a collection of POCOs, the return type of `Parent`, `Child()` and `Children()` is `PocoNodeOrList`. Likewise, a node itself may be an element of a parent list, so the `Parent` property is also a `PocoNodeOrList`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because any child can be a single POCO or a collection of POCOs (if the fhir data is repeating), the return type of `Child()` is `PocoNodeOrList?`. The `Parent` property will always provide a single `PocoNode` (or null, if the node in question is the root of the tree) 
```

## Common uses for `PocoNode`

The SDK provides several extension methods that leverage the extra information in `PocoNode`. These make `PocoNode` a suitable replacement for the earlier `ScopedNode` used by the FhirPath engine and the profile validator.

Examples include:

* `Resolve()` — resolves a local reference in the POCOs represented by this `PocoNode`.
* `ContainedResources()` — returns the nodes that represent contained resources.
* `Descendants()` — returns all child nodes recursively.
* `NavigateTo()` — navigates to a simple dotted path below the current node.

> These utilities make tree-based operations and validation straightforward while keeping direct access to the underlying POCOs. Navigating POCOs as a tree

Reviewer: If we can figure out the monad pattern, we should include it here!

Author: We found it not applicable.
